---
title: "panels"
bg: white
color: black
fa-icon: chalkboard-teacher
---

For this event we're going to be running 45 minute panel between the normal sessions. These panels are a chance for people to discuss topics that affect both newcomers to our community and the community as a whole

We encourage anyone who thinks they can engage with the topic and can bring a different viewpoint to the panel to apply to be a panelist.

To apply, register via our Call for Papers at - - and submit a session using the title of the Panel you wish to speak on, and use the Notes field to tell us why you want to be on the panel
 
The panels are:

- Building Accessible Data Applications
  - How do you ensure that the most people possible can make use of your data or application?
- How To Direct A Data Career (DBA, Data Engineer, Data Analyst, Data Scientist, Data Visualization)
  -  How did you approach becoming a DBA, Data Engineer, Data Analyst, Data Scientist, or  Data Visualization expert
- Productive and Inclusive: Meetings for All
  - What makes a meeting useful? And how to accommodate everyones needs physically and mentally 
- Diverse Experiences in Data
  - We work with diverse data, how do we ensure we have a diverse workforce to work with it?
- Making Your Way To A Data Career
  - Did you take an unusual path to a Data Career? We want to hear about the people who ran away from the circus to work with data.
- Setting Up Your Own Learning Environment
  - Everyone needs a playground to learn in, how do you build yours?